[DOCS-3273] GA for monitor RBAC (#13446)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/notify/_index.md

An [event][16] is created anytime a monitor is created, modified, silenced, or deleted. Set the `Notify` option to notify team members and chat services of these events.

> ### Permissions

Author: This page is not ideal at the moment and would deserve another PR to put monitors options in the H2 sections they actually belong to. For now, I'd rather keep it as an H3 as permission setting is an option of monitor forms' notification section, just like the above `Modifications` item. `Test Notification` on the other hand describes a button, hence why I think it's currently an H2.

By default, only users attached to roles with [Monitor Write permissions][17] can edit monitors and only [Datadog Admin Role and Datadog Standard Role][18] have these permissions. The latter can however vary if your account uses [Custom Roles][19].

> You can further restrict your monitor by specifying a subset of [roles][20] allowed to edit it in addition to the monitor's creator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further restrict your monitor by specifying a list of [roles][20] allowed to edit it. The monitor's creator can always edit the monitor. 
```

  {{< img src="monitors/notifications/monitor_rbac_restricted.jpg" alt="RBAC Restricted Monitor" style="width:90%;" >}}

> Edition includes any updates to the monitor configuration, monitor deletion, and muting of the monitor for any amount of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editing includes any updates to the monitor configuration, deleting the monitor, and muting the monitor for any amount of time.
```

**Note**: The limitations are applied both in the UI and API.

> For more information on how to set up RBAC for Monitors and on the update from the locked mechanism to the role restriction one, see the [dedicated guide][21].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on setting up RBAC for Monitors and migrating monitors from the locked setting to using role restrictions, see the [dedicated guide][21].
```
